Model conversion instructions (#19)
PhotonVision/rknn_jni: README.md

Code adapted from https://github.com/leafqycc/rknn-cpp-Multithreading/ , licensed under Apache 2.0. JNI written around this code and licensed under GPL V3.

> Instructions for the model conversion process can be found [here](https://docs.photonvision.org/en/latest/docs/objectDetection/opi.html#converting-custom-models).

Reviewer: Please prefer something more specific than "here", and prefer active voice

```suggestion
You can find detailed instructions for converting custom models in the [PhotonVision documentation](https://docs.photonvision.org/en/latest/docs/objectDetection/opi.html#converting-custom-models)
```
